{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Jack Maynard}
{\author M51647}
{\*\company Westminster City Council}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh17100\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 Jack Maynard 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \
49 Salisbury Road\
Liverpool\
L15 1HW\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 e/m
\b0 : \cf2 \ul \ulc2 jack.ui.maynard@gmail.com\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 e/m
\b0 : \cf2 \ul busada777@gmail.com\cf0 \ulnone  \

\b e/m
\b0 : \cf2 \ul washplanjack@gmail.com\cf0 \ulnone  \

\b mob
\b0 : 07960198446\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Personal Profile \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone Articulate graduate with extensive experience in information technology would like to utilize existing knowledge in web technology intranet/extranet/internet  remaining in a design/development environment. Willing to undertake further training development to expand knowledge. Excellent interpersonal skills make a good team player who also possesses the initiative to work alone and to set deadlines. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone Environment\'92s
\b0    Word Press and static site generators: [Gatsby, React Static ]
\f1 \

\f0\b Scripting   
\b0 ECMA Script, JavaScript, J Query, Ajax, Json,  understanding of node.js , react.js, angular 1.5+,   Unix Shell Scripting.\

\b Mark up
\b0    HTML / XHTML / HTML5   XML \

\b CSS & CSS Methodologies
\b0 :   SMACSS   BEM   OOCSS   PostCSS, CSS Level 1 & Level 2 & 3, SASS\

\b Layout Engines   
\b0 FlexBox,
\b    
\b0 CSS Grid.
\b    
\b0 Bootstrap ver 3 & 4.
\b \
Design & Prototyping
\b0  :   Sketch,  Adobe XD,  Figma,  Fireworks, Vectr,  Illustrator, Photoshop, Mock Plus.\

\b Automation   
\b0 Grunt, Gulp, Web pack,
\b    
\b0 Git
\b \
Collaboration:   
\b0 Slack, 
\b    
\b0 Invision.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul Work History \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone UI Developer\
SOLT Contract: May 2018 Current
\fs24 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone Working as a Javascript developer creating a find a personality game for a west end theatre marketing firm. Vanilla Js, Leaflet Js, CSS, Flexbox, HTML5\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone UI Developer
\fs24 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone HCL Contract Dec 2018 - Jan 2019
\b\fs24 \

\b0\fs20 Worked on a Dashboard application for End Client Experian\
as a UI developer working alongside off shore back end developers.\
Key skills: HTML 5 CSS - 3 Angular 6 Ng Bootstrap, and Micro services, Amazon AWS EC2.\
to develop uX Designers screens and convert them into working functional components.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Application Developer
\b0 \
Accenture September 2018 - November 2018\
Was employed as a application developer at Accenture, but did not find an \
assignment whilst on their books, hence I left
\b\fs24 \ul \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 Full Stack Developer\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b0 \cf0 \ulnone HAYS  contract April 2018 \'96 June 2018-05-29\
Employed as a full stack developer; creating recruitment pages for Hays for a wide range of clients. Worked involved creating mock-ups in Photoshop based on client briefs, then creating the HTML CSS and JavaScript for those pages, then applying the finished code to their Oracle based CMS.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 Frontend Developer / Freelancing \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Past projects have been involved in building front ends for small to medium size enterprises\
within the Liverpool area. Main duties; Involved in the design and build of client\'92s sites. Clients range:\
Charity sector to small private firms. Skills: HTML5 Responsive web design CSS3 animations \
SASS, J-Query and Word press Angular JS, React JS and EmbersJs.\
\
example of client; http://www.gracefieldhealthcare.com/\
Rebuilt this client web site as a word press site.\
Maintain the sign look and feel\
Created pages and components as required by end client. \
improved the admin panel for end users of the content management system.\
Manage servers and other web based mediums for client.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Contract]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Allied Irish Bank AIB 11/01/16 \'9611/03/16\
Employed as an user interface JavaScript/CSS developer for AIB.\
Main duties involved fixing defects associated with the UI within \
online banking team. Desktop, Tablet, Mobile and Kiosk.\
Most of the related bug were on the Jquery JS platform.\
Also assisted back end Java Developers with JavaScript problems \
they encountered. Worked in a Agile environment using tools such as Jira,\
Git stash, Git bash, Apache tomcat, JSP
\i0 , Reactjs, Java spring, Angularjs, nodejs, SASS & Compass.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 \
\
UI Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Langland 28/03/15 \'96 1/05/2015\
Employed as a developer working on phase 1 of a RWD project for \
Medical client Jinarc. Key skills and technologies: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Compass, bootstrap, Jquery\
Git Bitbucket and Photoshop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 Snr Front End Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Frontier Developments 10/11/14 \'96 12/12/14\
Employed as a senior front end developer designing and updating clients \
Online store which is written in Magento PHP.\
Main skills CSS3 HTML5 and Jquery; plus HTML Emails.\
Created new pages and templates as well as theming their store within Magento\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.giffgaff.com\cf0 \ulnone  12/12/2012 04/02/13\
Worked on GiffGaff Ui new pages using a mixture of twitter bootstrap  framework\
[ css3 [less] and Javascript , accessibility as well as tools such as GITHUB \
source control and Netbeans IDE on a Linux platform. \
Participated as Lead UI Developer with a team of developers from around the world.\
Testing tool: jasmine as well as BDD.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer  [Contract]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Adminre Telford   
\b \

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.reassure.co.uk\cf0 \ulnone  08/10/2012-12/11/2012\
Worked in a Java Spring Environment developing a online assurance applications for users.\
Alico Self Serve. Employed as a lead UI Developer.\
Styling web pages forms and navigational elements in a responsive manner using media \
queries. Used JS to enable/disable elements as well as show/hide elements of forms.\
Client-side validation and getting and sending data to the server.\
HTML 5 Css3 J query, bootstrap and Javascript, JSP,\'a0 YAML , SVN Eclipse.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Contract]     \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.razorfish.com/\cf0 \ulnone   17/08/2012 \'96 05/10/2012\
Worked on McDonald\'92s German Website.\
Integrated HTML5 and CSS3 code into Liferay CMS, SASS\
Using a mixture of HTML5 CSS3 Velocity Templating Language VTL\
And Javascript tools E.G  JSON to produce a responsive designed website that \
responded to Mobile tablet and desktop devices.\
Versioning software: SVN  GITHUB\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 UI Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.northcliffemedia.co.uk/about-us/northcliffe-digital09/04/2012 \'96 25/06/2012\cf0 \ulnone \
Employed as a front end developer forNorthcliffe Digital [NDC] Wowcher site. \
Main tasks were to fix Front end related issues tasks documented in Jira \
Use of CSS, HTML, and JavaScript as well as develop screens in Photoshop for internal CMS system \
and engineering of Extjs-2.3.1 panels and other Ext.js widgets. \
SVN Also the use of LESS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.bestinvest.co.uk\cf0 \ulnone  12/12/2011 17/02/2012\
Main duties: to create user interfaces that matched the supplied PSD or PNG;\
Through creating ASPX pages via master-pages and and styling user controls\
Using CSS. Other duties included creating CMS [umbraco] themes for marketing \
And adding enhancements to site forms and navigation via J query.\
Other duties included fixing bugs from JIRA bug-list, Javascript and CSS related, plus SVN.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
UI Developer [Contract]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.philips.com\cf0 \ulnone  18/10/2010- 31/12/2010\
\cf2 \ul www.philips.co.uk/homelightingdesigner\cf0 \ulnone \
Worked on a Home Lighting Planner application for Philips\
developed static to dynamic pages HTML/JSP for the application.\
The role encompassed working closely with Information architects and Java\
ATG developers to convert and integrate component and \
widgets into the signed Off interface. \
Key skills XHTML, CSS, J Query. Tools; Eclipse, SVN, Apache Tomcat \
Server, running a ATG application server.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Contract] \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.splendid.com\cf0 \ulnone  06/07/2010\
Worked on National Express website first phase; building \
Static and dynamic web content for the booking system as well\
as the confirmation of booking pages. Key skills:\
HTML, [EMAILS], XHTML, CSS,  Accessibility,  J Query, X Browser Testing, PSD Manipulation,\
And accessible semantic HTML: for browser matrix.\
MVC environment Asp.Net\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer  [Contract]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.ipcmedia.com\cf0 \ulnone  [04 \'96 05/2010]\
Worked on a proof of concept interface for mousebreaker.com; an online \
Flash gaming site. Main skills CSS, HTML, Javascript [JQuery] & PHP \
smarty templates & PSD manipulation. Editor JEdit. \
MVC environment: Zend.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 TBWA/PA 07/09/15 \'96 11/09/15\
Worked on a touch screen project for TBWA/PA end client \
Breathe Africa charity; raising awareness of Asthma in Africa.\
Key Skills: HTML5, CSS3, JQuery for interactive menu, sliders and\
Contact form. Others technologies: Photoshop and Git. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 VCCP 03/08/15 \'96 04/08/15\
Worked for \'93VCCP\'94 short project.\
My task was to fix JavaScript errors and some CSS repositioning \
for their end client presentation. Client site: a multi-lingual site.\
Skills used: Jquery,Angularjs, CSS3, Git.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance[ \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 hemisphere 14/05/2015 \'96 21/05/2015\
Worked on a short project for travel client \cf2 \ul http://www.letsgo2.com\cf0 \ulnone \
Worked on pages related to bookings and marketing campaigns \
Making the pages fully responsive using the following technologies: \
HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap-3, Jquery and Photoshop, Git Bitbucket.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer: [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 client Autotorq. 17/07/07/2014 \'96 14/08/2014 \
Worked on a short project: responsive web design project using \
SASS Compass CSS3 and JQuery client Nissan Cars.\
Project to create responsive site  Desktop, tablet, wide mobile and narrow \
 mobile resolutions.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.gsk.com/uk\cf0 \ulnone   21/12/2013 \'96 17/01/2014\
Worked on a new channel "Our Company" within a sharepoint environment.\
Main tasks within sharepoint was to get data from a list using Ajax \
to populate web part  then styled  according to designer PSD prescribed. \
Core skills: HTML JavaScript [JQuery] and CSS. \
Main criteria was to work on modern browsers and IE 8.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.berkeleygroup.co.uk/\cf0 \ulnone   15/11/2013 - 28/11/2013\
worked on producing responsive interface for client. The project was of short notice and a \
short period.  Key technologies used: CSS3, Jquery, bootstrap and HTML5. \
Main task was to work within the \'93my home\'94      \
section which required user to sign in and style the search section\
and other templated sections to the new design.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front end Developer [Freelance] \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 www.encoretickets.co.uk/ 20/08/13 \'96 30/09/13\
Worked on encore tickets platform producing and fixing page components as assigned to me.\
Key skills HTML PHP CSS javaScript Drupal 7.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.philips.nl\cf0 \ulnone   11/06/13 \'96 17/07/13\
Philips consumer website: worked on the migration process from ATG \
to Adobe CQ5. Main tasks checking and modifying code delivered from outsourced agency\
regarding Javascript. Work on creating sort functionality and filters.\
Main technologies: HTML5, Javascript, CSS3 and SASS.\
Testing tool:  Jasmine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer  [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Short-list Magazine: \
\cf2 \ul http://www.neverunderdressed.com/\cf0 \ulnone   05/2013 \'96 05/2013\
Worked on a short project creating image galleries for client.\
Key skills: Javascript,[Jquery animations] CSS and HTML.\
Supporting Technologies; Grunt, Github.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.thegoodagency.co.uk/\cf0 \ulnone   23/07/2012 \'96 03/08/202\
Produced front end interfaces for Wrigley\'92s Oral Health Programme [WOHP].\
Main requirements produce 28 Screens to a accessible standard using\
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript responsive design for client. \
Worked independently as lead front end developer but took advise from technical lead developer concerning Integration of Front End code into DRUPAL.Worked with a 960 grid system and created desktop, mobile and tablet liquid layouts\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer/prototyper [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.ideaworks3d.com/\cf0 \ulnone   19/09/2011 25/10/2011\
\cf2 \ul https://www.callofduty.com/uk/en/\cf0 \ulnone \
Developed interfaces for \'91Elite\'92, \'91Call of duty\'92, \'91Modern warfare 3\'92 \
on Mobile devices and Tablet, Sony Play-station and X box. \
Main skills: HTML5 CSS 3 and J query.\
Produced prototypes and finished pixel perfect interfaces for client Activision.\
Worked in a agile environment singularly and pairing with other developers to tackle \
Tasks or bug fixes till the final build. Browser matrix: modern browsers and Native environment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.crumpled-dog.com\cf0 \ulnone  24/08/11 04/09/11\
Worked on creating pixel perfect layouts from Illustrator file using XHTML, J Query and CSS3 \
LESS for client. Use the J Query UI to enhance insurance claims widget and form\
fields  mainly.Project build to be integrated into clients CMS. SVN.\
 \cf2 \ul http://www.ppiclaimline.com\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.bigfish.co.uk\cf0 \ulnone   27-05-2011 10-06-2011\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.euromoney.com\cf0 \ulnone   28/03/2011- 28/04/2011\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.addison.co.uk/\cf0 \ulnone  21/02/2011 \'96 21/03/2011\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 UI Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.xs2theworld.com\cf0 \ulnone  07/2010 \'96 09/2010\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer [Freelance]    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \ul http://www.thebioagency.com\cf0 \ulnone  10/2010 \'96 10/2010\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Front End Developer
\b0  UI \cf2 \ul http://www.razorfish.com\cf0 \ulnone  [3/2010 \'96 4/2010]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0   \cf2 \ul http://www.edcoms.com\cf0 \ulnone  [3/2010]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.galileolondon.com\cf0 \ulnone  [2/2010]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.theblack-e.co.uk\cf0 \ulnone \

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.hicklinslade.com/[10/20009\cf0 \ulnone ]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.fortunecookie.co.uk/\cf0 \ulnone  [10/20009]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.echarris.com\cf0 \ulnone  [04 /07 - 2008] \

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.largedesign.com/\cf0 \ulnone  [04 - 2008]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul http://www.barkers.co.uk/\cf0 \ulnone  [03-2008 - 03-2008]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul clickcreative.com\cf0 \ulnone  [02-2008 - 03-2008]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  Johnson Press [12-2007 \'96 01-2008]\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  News International [11-2007 \'96 11 2007].\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul allofus.com\cf0 \ulnone  [07-2007] - 08-2007].\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  steel-london [06-2007] - [07-2007].\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  duke-interactive [06-2007] - [06-2007].\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  mc2 [05-2007] - [06-2007].\

\b Front End Developer
\b0  \cf2 \ul digitallook.com\cf0 \ulnone  [09-2006] - [10-2006]. . \

\b Web Designer
\b0  Lex Vehicle Leasing [04]-[06\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0  \cf2 \ul http://www.hsbc.co.uk/1/2/business/financeborrowing/vehicle-finance\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i0\b \cf0 Education \
MCP
\b0 : 
\i Windows 2000 Server IT-Base Manchester 2003-2003 \

\i0\b MCP
\b0 : 
\i Windows 2000 Professional IT-Base Manchester 2002-2002 
\i0 \

\b PDQ:
\b0  
\i Visual \'96 Basic Programming Manchester College 2002-2002 \

\i0\b PGCert
\b0 : 
\i Software technology & the Internet Liverpool University 2000-2000
\i0  \

\b MCP
\b0 : 
\i Administering Windows NT4 Workstation QIS 1999-1999 \

\i0\b Bsc: 
\b0 Design 
\i and Marketing Management Manchester Metro University 1989-1992
\i0  \
\

\b Additional Information \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Having a design based degree has assisted in the transition from print to the web although my core skills are web and database related. I have a good understanding of web server technology, scripting languages plus the design and usage of Content Management Systems:\
}