{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Noto Sans;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green77\blue187;\red51\green116\blue171;\red34\green46\blue57;\red46\green116\blue181;\red71\green165\blue244;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa160\sl360\slmult1\qc\cf1\fs32\lang9 David Steel\cf2\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf3\fs22 1A Manor Row, 13 Netherwood Chambers BD1 4PB Bradford\par
\f1\~\f0 07894 707390\f1  \f2\bullet\f0  davidgsteel@hotmail.co.uk\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\cf1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl240\slmult1\b Personal statement\b0\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf3\par
\cf0 Highly skilled and motivated IT support technician with more than 18 years experience of planning, developing and implementing 2nd and 3rd line solutions and projects. I am looking to progress further in either a 2nd or 3rd line support role.\cf3\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 Key Skills \cf4\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf3\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Fast Learner\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Good time keeping\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Good problem solving skills\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Good communication skills\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Skilled in using several Microsoft operating systems, Windows XP, Window 7 and Windows 10.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Proficient in a wide variety of software, including Microsoft Office 2007, Laserforms, PFW2, Smarterm 15, WebMarshal, Symantec Anti-Virus, Micollab Client 6.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 Employment History\cf2\par

\pard\sl259\slmult0\cf3\par
IT Service Desk Technician \f2\emdash\f0  Walker Morris LLP, Leeds, West Yorkshire\par
\cf1\b0\i ( August 2010 - December 2017)\cf5\par
\cf3\b\i0\par
\b0\fs20 Achievements and responsibilities:\par
\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0 Working on 1st Line, 2nd Line and 3rd line support in a large law firm.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Windows XP Software testing.  Testing all applications and where necessary found and tested replacement applications.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Remained up to date on the latest technologies and solutions applicable to software used by the firm.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl238\slmult0 Answering the service desk phone \cf6 and record calls (incidents and service requests) on the IT service desk system, ensuring that all client contact and updates are recorded.\cf0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1 Identified and solved technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Fixing hardware issues on desktops and laptops.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl230\slmult0\cf6\expndtw-2 Investigate, monitor and resolve any incidents/service requests assigned to me.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl223\slmult0\expndtw-3 Liaise with our internal and external clients, IT support personnel end external suppliers to resolve Incidents.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb2\sl236\slmult0 Keep the Service Desk application and colleagues updated with the status of incidents.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl230\slmult0\expndtw0 Liaise with the Problem Manager to identify, diagnose and resolve problems that impacting the IT environment\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb24\sl212\slmult0\expndtw-3 Virus check removable media as and when required.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl235\slmult0\tx360\expndtw-2 Install software where appropriate.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl231\slmult0\tx360 Compile printer preventative maintenance logs.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb21\sl236\slmult0\expndtw-4 Ensure visibility on the internal client floors on a regular basis with a view to developing a working relationship \expndtw-1 with internal, clients In the wider, practice and where appropriate walk the internal client floors to maintain \expndtw-3 that visibility and act as an ambassador for IT.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1\cf0\expndtw0 Windows 64 bit software testing.  I tested all applications and where necessary found and tested replacement applications. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}I have on occasion taken over the responsibility for overseeing the service desk team when my manager has been on holiday.\par

\pard\li720\sl259\slmult0\cf3\b\par

\pard\sl259\slmult0\fs22 IT Service Desk Assistant \f2\emdash\f0  Walker Morris LLP, Leeds, West Yorkshire\par
\cf1\b0\i (January 1999 \f2\endash\f0  August 2010)\cf5\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf3\i0\fs20\par

\pard\sl259\slmult0 Achievements and responsibilities: \par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1\cf0 Install and configure hardware (PC\rquote s, Printers and Scanners etc) for new and existing users.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Carry out upgrades to hardware and software as and when required.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Carry out hardware maintenance procedures as directed  (Health Checks on PC\rquote s and Cleaning Maintenance on Printers etc).\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Log and asset tag all new and untagged IT equipment\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keep various documentation relating to network assets up to date.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Contribute technical information to the firm\rquote s Intranet.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Providing second line support to the Operators of the IT Helpdesk during cover periods e.g Lunch time and Out of Hours.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Taking and recording calls on the IT Helpdesk and Investigating any calls assigned to me.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Liasing with users, IT Support personnel and external suppliers to resolve fault calls\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keeping the helpdesk application updated with the status of calls and chasing overdue calls.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Book and \cf6\expndtw-2 Demonstrate how to use the\cf0\expndtw0  loan IT Equipment such as portable PC\rquote s, printers and projectors.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sb8\sl212\slmult0\cf6\expndtw-2 Check loan equipment Including, all parts and consumables upon return.\cf0\expndtw0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult1 Virus check software as and when required.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Take part in the rota for out of hours support.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Carry out IT related projects as directed, including the use of Change Control Procedure when appropriate.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Carry out any other reasonable tasks as and when it is required by the firm.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keep up to date with developments which might improve the IT support service to users.\cf3\f1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs22 Education\cf3\b0\par

\pard\sl259\slmult0\b\fs20\par
\cf0\fs22 Leeds Metropolitan University\cf3\par
\b0\fs20\par
HND Computing\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf1\par

\pard\sl259\slmult0\cf0\b\fs22 Airedale & Wharfedale College \cf1\par

\pard\li340\sl240\slmult1\cf3\b0\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 ND computing\par
BTEC first Diploma in computer studies and electronics\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\b\fs22 Hobbies & Interests\cf3\b0\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf0 Reading, I am interested in history, science fiction and biographies. Walking, I have climbed the 3 peaks on several occasions. Travelling, I have visited Australia twice spending a total of 4 month travelling round the country.  \cf3\par
\par
}
 