{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red83\green86\blue87;\red52\green54\blue57;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1011\margr1011\margb1445\margt1011\vieww14900\viewh14500\viewkind1\viewscale135
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Robin Das\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri1308\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs19 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Age : 41
\f1\fs19 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Base : Swansea, United Kingdom\
Mobile : 07515 690 379\
Email : robin.das.dev@gmail.com
\fs32 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Software Developer Various Tech
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Self Employed\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2015 \'96 2015 (less than a year)M4 Corridor / Wales & South West\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Currently working with Appcelerator Titanium Mobile for iOS / ANDROID driving instructor services Ltd.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ASP.net, VB.net, SQL server 2008 /12, html, javascript, CSS, Windows CE Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
PHS Group
\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
2012 \'96 2014 (2 years)Caerphilly\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
ASP.net - Multi User & Multi Site web sales portal.\

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Presents user with sales calls.\
\'95 Integrates with the PHS phone Cisco system\
\'95 Automated email functionality.\
\'95 Customer details.\
\'95 Two order detail grids.\
\'95 Product information.\
\'95 User usage logging.\
\'95 Reporting.\
\'95 Jquery UI, AJAX, Block UI, XML, SOAP.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Mobile phone Development \

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Feed Hendry mobile phone app development with html javascript and .net web services.\
\'95 JSON transport of data to and from the server.\
\'95 Node JS
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Motarola mobile device development with .net compact framework in VB.net \

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Enabled PHS delivery drivers to remotely record opening times of PHS clients. 
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Other\

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Business application website development.\
\'95 Maintenance of main admin system with VB.net Winforms.\
\'95 General all round development.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Appcelerator Titanium Mobile Javascript Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Driving Instructor Services Ltd
\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
July 2011 \'96 December 2011 (6 months)Swansea\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Mobile phone iOS app build using Titanium Studio.\
\'95 
\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Titanium Studio - Dev environment and build engine. Compiles the javascript into XCode. \
\'95 Heavy use of javascript - To build and manipulate all of UI objects\
\'95 AJAX / JSON to transport data to and from the back-end.\
\'95 FoxWeb back End - as the web server. (created by client (DIS), although have used this)\

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Screens and functions\

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Login and authentication.\
\'95 Messages - List of messages. Messages can be compiled and sent to other users.\
\'95 Pupils - Allows the management of pupils and creation of lessons.\
\'95 Custom calendar - Fully functional custom built calendar / scheduler.\
\'95 End of Lesson score card.\
\'95 Offline storage.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, Visual Studio Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Swansea Garages\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
January 2011 \'96 June 2011 (6 months)Swansea\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Functionality :
\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Properties, tenants, agreements, companies and payment administration. 
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Technologies used :\

\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 ASP.net\
\'95 Back end c#.\
\'95 IIS 7 - web server.\
\'95 SQL server 2008 - database. \
\'95 nHydrate - data access layer / validation layer.\
\'95 DevExpress components.\
\'95 AJAX - to manipulate the client-side tasks and to handle data to and from the server.\
\'95 Full reporting and export functionality.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
C# ASP.net
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Self Education\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2010 \'96 2011 (1 year)Swansea\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 Year study / dev \'96 ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Coldharbour Systems Ltd\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2008 \'96 2010 (2 years)Bristol\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Development and bug fixing for a health care software suite.\
\'95 FoxPro to SQL Server conversion and migration.\
\'95 Web-service re-write and installation.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Form Pro Mail Marketing\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2007 \'96 2008 (1 year)Bristol\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Querying and reporting on data. \
\'95 Used Pres to program and set up various types of industrial print runs.\
\'95 Used Cygnus for mail-sorting, suppression and de-duping data.\
\'95 Gained knowledge of the mail marketing industry.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
JAW Software\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2004 \'96 2006 (2 years)Swansea\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Development and maintenance of web based recruitment software.\
\'95 Providing support for users, network issues and software based telephone system.\
\'95 Providing training to users for new areas of the system.\
\'95 Responsible for daily system checks and backups for Swansea and Southampton.\
\'95 Real-time environment.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Baysoft\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2002 \'96 2003 (1 year)Swansea\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Maintenance and development of fox based estate agency software.\
\'95 Development of industrial level job costing system.\
\'95 Provided telephone support to BaySoft customers.\
\'95 Conversion/Migration of software from VB/Access to Fox.\
\'95 Data recovery and data encryption.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Tiscalli\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2000 \'96 2002 (2 years)London\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Shared maintenance of billing system. \
\'95 Responsible for data collation and processing of direct debits and fund transfers to bank.\
\'95 Providing various billing reports.\
\'95 Data maintenance and quality control \'96 over 3 million records.\
\'95 Reviewing other developers work.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Bupa Care Homes\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
January 2000 \'96 April 2000 (4 months)Leeds\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Document existing invoice module.\
\'95 Provide reports.\
\'95 Re-develop sections of the invoicing module for efficiency and / or clarity.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Modus Operandi\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1998 \'96 2000 (2 years)London\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95
\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Responsible for the development, support and distribution of Fox based mailroom software.\
\'95 On-site development.\
\'95 Telephone and on-site support.\
\'95 User support.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Ashlawn Data Systems\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1997 \'96 1998 (1 year)Rugby\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Documenting existing software.\
\'95 Provided tender documents for potential new projects / clients.\
\'95 Support and maintenance of existing client base.
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FoxPro Software Developer
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
FoxWare\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1996 \'96 1997 (1 year)Swansea\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'95 Provided solutions to problems phoned into a FoxPro helpdesk.\
\'95 Developed help desk software \'96 for in-house use.\
\'95 Exposure to Fox Dos, Fox 2.6 and Visual FoxPro 3.0.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Education\

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gorseinon College\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OND Computing
\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cwmtawe Comprehensive\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4 GSCE Maths, Computing, Technical Drawing, Economics
\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Interests\

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Electronic music (small home studio)\
Chess\
}