{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sb102\sa102\qc\b\f0\fs24\lang9 Curriculum Vitae\b0\par
\par
\b\fs20 Daniel Preece \b0\line DOB: 20th March 1994\line Mobile: 07908618046\line Email: {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Dan-Preece@hotmail.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt{Dan-Preece@hotmail.co.uk}}}}\f0\fs20\line    6, Codsall Road, Tettenhall, Wolverhampton. WV69ED.                                       \fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\fs20\~\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b\fs20 Personal Profile\b0\fs24\line\fs20 I am a hard working, punctual and self motivated individual with a strong sense of initiative who can work competently by myself, or as part of a team. I understand the importance of customer service and punctuality and believe in achieving targets, either personal or business. I can quickly adapt to new situations and eager to learn new skills. I always take pride into my appearance as I am representing the Company I work for and I believe first impressions are very important.\par
\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\b\fs20 Education: Qualifications & Training\b0\par

\pard\ri-1634\sb102\sa102 2015 - 2016: Halesowen College, Whittingham road, Halesowen B63 3NA - 0121 602 777  \line AAT Level 2 In Accounting\par

\pard\ri-341\sb102\sa102 2012 - 2013: Worcester University, St John's Campus Henwick Ave, Worcester WR2 6AJ - 01905 855000\par
2010-2012: Stourbridge College, Hagley Road, Stourbridge, West Midlands DY8 1QU - 01384 344344\line B-TEC level 3 extended diploma in Sport (Exercise coaching & fitness) - D*D*D*\line First Aid at Work\line Functional Skills Qualification in Mathematics Level 2 \line NCFE Level 1 Award in Employability Skills\line Level 2 Award in Community Sports Leadership \line Level 3 Award in Higher Sports Leadership \fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\b\fs20 Previous Education:\b0\line 2005-2010: The High Arcal School, High Arcal Drive Dudley, West Midlands DY3 1BP\line 0845 155 0411 Senior Prefect \f1\endash\f0  Monitoring classrooms and corridors at break and lunchtimes so the school could run more smoothly.\line Sports Leaders UK Level 1 Award in Sports Leadership\line GCSE English Language - B\line GCSE English Literature - D \line GCSE Maths - C\line GCSE Science - C\line GCSE Additional Science - C\line GCSE History - C\line GCSE Religious Studies - C \line GCSE Physical Education - B \line GCSE Resistant Materials - C \line GCSE ICT - 2x Merit \line GCSE Art \f1\endash\f0  B\fs24\par
\fs20\~\fs24\par
\b\fs20 Previous Employment\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs20 December 2015 - Present\par
\b0 Crown Highways - I came to Crown Highways as my previous company were sub contractors to Crown. Crown offered me a direct position as a Skilled Worker in Civil engineering and Groundworks. During my time at Crown I have completed many jobs in; Drainage, Lighting, Kerbing, Tarmacing, Trenching and Ducting and Reinstaiting. I've became used to reading from drawings on a daily basis becoming a trainee supervisor and carrying out my own jobs under the supervision of a senior supervisor and contract manager. I don't just liaise with my company I talk to a number of councils on how the works are going and also with the Clerk of works towards the end of jobs ensuring everything is up to standard. I am proud of the responsibilities that come with my position and have became comfortable with measuring up for materials and ordering them too.\b\par
August 2014 - December 2015 \par
\b0 James Civils - I began working for a self employed civil engineering company starting off as a labourer. I was very comfortable working on a site with many other people. I quickly became self sufficient and started carring out tasks on my own or in a small group, always putting in a positive input. I became comfortable working around live electricity, water and gas services.\b\par
November 2013 \f1\endash\f0  2014\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b0 C7 Decorators - I was taken on as a Tiling Apprentice. I shadowed a professional in the trade listening and watching everything on a daily basis. This continued for three months, after which the Company decided to send me out on my own to carry out jobs. This was very successful, I enjoy the responsibility and have a feeling of pride after finishing each job I complete, knowing that I have completed it to a high standard. I am also trusted to enter and exit domestic properties when the occupants are at work, which in my opinion carries responsibility and trust. \fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\b\fs20 Summer 2013\b0  \par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj Indi Bar - I was a night club promoter on a Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Taking pride in my appearance was important as I needed to look and feel confident and approachable. My job included being very enthusiastic when socializing with the public, offering them current deals, discounts or free entry to the nightclub. I also worked with security, bar staff and the owner of the club to achieve targets. I would always try and go one step further to satisfy myself and my employers, often starting before my shift and finishing later.\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\fs20\par
\b 2012 - 2013\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b0 Sports Direct - During my time at Sports Direct I interacted with the public and fellow work colleagues, organising my day and focusing on customer satisfaction. Targets were set to maximise sales and help expand the company. I was a part of a team that helped outshine competitors and remain the market leader. I needed to be approachable, polite and greet the public, whether that being at my till or around the store. I kept myself busy at all times and when on the tills I maintained a tidy work area to look as professional as possible, always being enthusiastic, helpful and cheerful.\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\fs20\par
\b Previous Work Experience\b0  \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\par
\b February 2011 - April 2012\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b0\fs20 High Arcal Secondary School- Physical Education - During my work experience I lead and coached enjoyable PE sessions in a range of different sports. Keeping and maintaining a high standard, encouraging participants and worked with less able pupils. When approached by pupils with questions or issues, I answered to the best of my ability, not needing to disturb other teachers that were busy themselves. I Liaised with professionals and volunteered to referee/ linesman football matches after school hours, showing I was a willing member of a team.\line After a successful work experience in 2011 receiving positive feedback The High Arcal School agreed to a second week of work experience in 2012.\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\fs20\par
\b July 2009\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b0 Coalway Building Services - During work experience I helped and assisted with installation, heating and plumbing. Here I needed to show excellent communication skills and show a high level of maturity, as it had high risks of danger. I followed health and safety guidelines and enjoyed the experience.\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\fs20\~\fs24\par

\pard\sb102\sa102\qj\b\fs20 Hobbies and Interests:\b0\line Playing Football - formally at Crewe Alexandria, played District football for Dudley and Brierley Hill, and Midlands Floodlit League for Gornal Athletic and first team. Captained a very successful school football team along playing with other teams; Cricket, Rugby, Basketball and Athletics.\line I am a member of my local gym and do weight and fitness training on a regular basis. \line I have a full UK driving licence.\~\fs24\par

\pard\b\fs20\page\par

\pard\sb102\sa102 Key Skills\par
ICT \b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb102\sa102 Wide range of experience and knowledge of IT packages such as Word, Excel and PowerPoint.\fs24\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs20 Experience using SAGE accounting programme.\fs24\line\b\fs20\par

\pard\sb102\sa102 Teamwork & Communication\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb102\sa102 Work confidently within a team and communicate comfortably with all members, always friendly and approachable.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Listen and discuss all issues maturely therefore resulting in a positive solution always showing great levels of enthusiasm. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Speaking with confidence portraying a good attitude and appearance. \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ \fs18\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs20 Take enormous pride with own appearance and the presentation of work placement.\fs24\line\b\fs20\par

\pard\sb102\sa102 Problem Solving /Work management\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb102\sa102 Respond quickly to difficult situations by determining the correct response for the most Positive solution/outcome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Creating strategies/tactics by assessing circumstances calmly with a clear mature approach.\fs24\line\fs20 Able to react to instructions and orders given by management or colleagues with the same level of respect.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Self discipline, able to prioritise own schedules and workload.\b\par

\pard\sb102\sa102 Team Management\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb102\sa102 Respond to situations in the correct manner and tone.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Control situations proving maturity and trustworthiness.\fs24\par

\pard\par
}
 